Grandpa, the shipment we want has been intercepted.
Who is so bold
You don't have to ask.
There was only one person who robbed the goods in Dragon City
Mo Xiao, since he is unkind
Don't blame me for being unjust
Get rid of Gao Ruonan
Yes
Grandpa, these people can't beat the road salesperson
Can't beat
But the road salesperson just intercepted my shipment.
This shows that he and Gao Ruonan
Not together
Lunan, did you have a car accident?
Are you okay? I'm okay.
You go first
Open your mouth, this group of people came after me
Leave me alone, silly girl
Even if I try my best to keep you
Why is that?
Hey Zhang
Yes, yes.
Right.
Go away.
Leave me alone.
You are my granddaughter
How can I let you go without leaving?
Damn old ghost
How many feet can you take?